Improve data-summary styling (#1725)
nl-design-system/rijkshuisstijl-community: .changeset/hip-bats-fix.md

---
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-css': patch
---

> Add styling to make sure there is always space reserved for an action, improving the UX

Reviewer: Ik zou iets specifieker zijn hierin over welk component het om gaat: de changeset word gebruikt in de changelog voor "components-css" dus dat is alle components.
```suggestion
Improve UX by always reserving space for optional action in Data Summary component.
```
